[CDF-22563] Update Resources mode (#1935)
cognitedata/cognite-sdk-python: CHANGELOG.md

- `Fixed` for any bug fixes.
- `Security` in case of vulnerabilities.

## [7.61.0] - 2024-09-17
### Added

> - In all `.update` methods the user can now specify how non-update objects should be converted to update objects
>   using the new `mode` parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- All `update` methods now accept a new parameter `mode` that controls how non-update objects should be
  interpreted. For example, should we do a partial update or a full replacement.
```
